Additional check to skip redeprovisioning (#2493)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-16-deprovision-retrigger-cronjob.md

# Deprovision Retrigger Job

Deprovision Retrigger Job is a Job that attempts to deprovision instance once more.

## Details

During regular deprovisioning some steps could be omitted due to the occurrence of some errors. These errors not necessarily cause deprovisioning process to fail.
Sometimes we ignore not severe, supposedly temporary errors, proceed with deprovisioning and declare process as successful. But there are some not completed steps
then can be retried later on. We store the list of not completed steps, and mark the deprovisioning operation setting `deletedAt` to current timestamp.
The Job iterates over the instances and for each with `deletedAt` appropriately set sends a DELETE to Kyma Environment Broker (KEB).  

### Dry-run mode

> If you need to test the Job, you can run it in the `dry-run` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to test the Job, you can run it in the dry-run mode.
```

> In that mode, the Job only logs the information about the candidate instances (i.e. instances meeting the configured criteria). The instances are not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, the Job only logs the information about the candidate instances (for example, instances meeting the configured criteria). The instances are not affected.
```

## Prerequisites

The Deprovision Retrigger Job requires access to:
- KEB database, to get the IDs of the instances with the `trial` plan which are not expired yet. 
- KEB, to initiate the SKR instance suspension.

## Configuration

The Job is a CronJob with a schedule that can be [configured](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/#cron-schedule-syntax) as a parameter in the `management-plane-config` repository.
By default, the CronJob is set to run every day at 3:00 am:
```yaml  
kyma-environment-broker.trialCleanup.schedule: "0 3 * * *"
```

Use the following environment variables to configure the Job:

| Environment variable | Description                                                                                                               | Default value                            |
|---|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|

> | **APP_DRY_RUN** | Specifies whether to run the Job in the [`dry-run` mode](#details).                                                       | `true`                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_DRY_RUN** | Specifies whether to run the Job in the [dry-run mode](#details).                                                       | `true`                                   |
```
